[ExpansionPanel] Rename to Accordion (#21494)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

  -<Typography variant="srOnly">Create a user</Typography>
  +<Span>Create a user</Span>
  ```

### Expansion Panel

> - Replace the `ExpansionPanel` name (and prefix) on the components with `Accordion`:

Reviewer: A thought not directly related to the effort of this pull request. I wonder if we should explain why we make the changes. Breaking changes are painful, maybe if we provide a "why", it will improve the developers' experience.

Author: Added list of motivations for this.. Please take a look, not sure what is the best structure for this

Reviewer: I would keep is very short. 

```suggestion
- Rename the `ExpansionPanel` components with `Accordion` to match the naming convention of the community:
```

  -<Typography variant="srOnly">Create a user</Typography>
  +<Span>Create a user</Span>
  ```

### Expansion Panel

> The `ExpansionPanel` components were replaced with `Accordion` components. Here are the motivations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
